I can go to Campbell
he goes about to die
see ya I got you buddy you're on film
doing that well done
and here it goes again and I'm going to
die man so glad you continue to do this
if you're on a phone a playstation 4 on
me then you go and shoot look at a
connection nothing wrong information his
connection is fine hell yeah every time
he sees me it's okay buddy you can have
it all your life but ya gonna lose your
ps3 account I tell you now you have to
block your IP there goes
well done my friends
every time he sees me this guy's knees
the US UK clan his name is hazards recon
29 h ZZ z vs honor HZ said RDS rcn 29 as
you can see the connection is fine he
sees me and hits the lag switch
unfortunately that time it didn't work
but did you see him disappear he has to
see me hit it there you go please see me
and healed just chillin see
got to the top he'll see me he'll hit a
lag switch and there we go back this guy
is there actually the biggest cheater
i've ever seen I'm call of duty in 31
days of play you enjoy it what do you
enjoy it buddy because you're about to
get screwed I tell you now all on film
yeah one quick enough that time wait a
decade see the connections start to go
after he got shot and here we go pop and
I'm dead thank you buddy that's all I
needed
there we go there's his name I don't
know if you need any more evidence than
that leave it here so you can see his
name zoom in on it okay thanks very much
power lays their clock at the top give
you the time that's Canadian time okay